=== Page 1 ===
Solution Brief TREND VISION ONE Cyber Risk Exposure Management ( CREM ) Proactively uncover, predict, ases, and mitigate cyber risksprioritizing impact, reducing exposure, and building cyber resilience Security teams ned a complete picture to efectively control risk. Not having a centralized view of risk leads to siloed data, to many alerts, not enough context, and hiden critical exposures. Flip the script with our Trend Vision One Cyber Risk Exposure Management ( CREM ) solution. Prioritize visibility and give your organization the clarity neded to go from reactive to strategic. Empower your security operations with a shared understanding of where risk lives and what to do about it. The days of reactive security are over Security teams cant secure what they cant se.  CREM  adreses this head-on by delivering real-time, comprehensive visibility into your identities, devices, cloud asets, networks, aplications, and more. Enable your organization to uncover unknown or unmanaged risk areas acros your entire atack surfaceanticipating, adapting, and acting before they become active threats. Take imediate and meaningful actions to enhance your security and compliance posture while quantifying cyber risk in busines terms. Its not just about managing threats; its about cultivating real cyber risk resilience for your organization. Shift from reactive to proactive with  CREM  and Trend Vision One, our  AI -powered enterprise cybersecurity platform. One solution, one risk picture  CREM  takes a revolutionary Complete atack surface and risk visibility aproach by combining siloed Continuous, real-time contextual insight into the entire atack surfaceincluding known, tols and partial views to unknown, undisclosed and third-party asetsare al maped to busines impact. By deliver a complete picture. integrating compliance and cyber risk quantification,  CREM  delivers a complete risk Within one powerful, easy- picture beyond aset discovery to show true exposure. to-use solution, merge your visibility, risk inteligence, and Unmatched risk inteligence advantage mitigations acros cloud, data, identity, APIs,  AI , compliance, Al risks are not created equal.  CREM  delivers the most advanced contextual risk and SaS aplications. asesments and scoring in the industry, powered by Trend Cybertronthe industrys Stay ahead of adversaries first proactive  AI  for cybersecuritythe Trend Zero Day Initiative (Trend ZDI), over 10 and protect your busines risk factors, and the broadest native sensor coverage. With 60 of global vulnerabilities proactively with control, clarity, disclosed exclusively by Trend acording to Omdia, customers gain exclusive pre- and confidence. disclosed insights and protection 90 to 120 days before patches are available to the public. This provides a critical risk advantage. Industry-first security and risk tol consolidation No other solution combines as many critical security and risk disciplines into a single solution.  CREM  eliminates tol sprawl by replacing multiple-point solutions acros external atack surface management (EASM), cloud security posture management (CSPM), vulnerability risk management (VRM), atack surface management (ASM), cyber aset atack surface management (CASM), security awarenes, and morereducing cost, complexity, and operational friction. Page 1 of 3 Trend Micro Solution Brief  Cyber Risk Exposure Management ( CREM )

=== Page 2 ===
The  CREM  lifecycle Ensure your security teams have a holistic aproach to cyber risk and exposure management.  Discover every aset acros your environment using real-time discovery and risk-based vulnerability management to eliminate blind spots  Predict atacks before they hapen, using advanced threat inteligence to forecast where adversaries wil strike  Prioritize what maters the most, fast, with context-driven risk scoring that goes beyond basic severity ratings  Comply with standards such as NIST, FedRAMP, and GDPR with instantly generated, audit-ready reports  Quantify and clearly comunicate your risk posture to stakeholders and board, driving informed, strategic decisions and investment justification  Mitigate threats automaticaly using  AI -guided playboks and orchestrated remediation actions acros multiple security controls  Leverage continuous risk asesment scoring for early insights to help prioritize mitigation, reduce exposure, and benchmark against pers so you stay ahead of threats Proactive security starts here Trend Vision One is the only enterprise cybersecurity platform that centralizes cyber risk exposure management, security operations, and robust layered protection to help you predict and prevent threats, acelerating proactive security outcomes. Cyber Risk Exposure Management Security Operations Endpoint Cloud Network Email Identity  AI  Data Security Security Security Security Security Security Security Threat Inteligence Services Page 2 of 3 Trend Micro Solution Brief  Cyber Risk Exposure Management ( CREM )

=== Page 3 ===
Delivered by Key capabilities Description  CREM  Identify exposures acros on-premises, cloud, internet-facing asets, Atack surface discovery and aplications to reduce entry points for atacker. Automated threat response to reduce alert Security playboks fatigue and acelerate remediation. Dril into risks and generate reports to suports Dashboards and reporting faster, data-driven decisions External Atack Surface Management (EASM) Identify and secure external-facing asets to minimize blind spots. Detect identity risks using conected data sources and behavioral Identity security posture insights to strengthen aces and control. Gain centralized visibility into multi-cloud environments Cloud aset inventory for beter cloud management. Leverage quick and frictionles risk asesments and Risk asesment and prioritization prioritization acros on-premises and cloud asets. Proactively identify, prioritize, and remediate high-impact Vulnerability risk management vulnerabilities with sped and precision. Atack path prediction Map how threats could spread to anticipate and block atack chains. Transform compliance with automated controls and actionable Compliance management insights to reduce manual efort and met compliance standards. Educate users on threat behavior to reduce human eror with Security awarenes training engaging training and realistic phishing simulations. Visualize aset relationships to uncover hiden Contextual visibility and aset graphing risks and improve response time. Detect and prioritize container risks pre-runtime to Container runtime vulnerability prioritization block threats earlier. Find cloud misconfigurations and aply best practices Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) and frameworks to stay compliant. Continuously ases aset health to detect threats Agentles malware and vulnerability scaning and reduce exposure. API visibility integrated with Amazon Detect API risks like weak authentication to secure third-party aces. API Gateway Copyright 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. Al rights reserved. Trend Micro, the Trend Micro t-bal logo, Trend Vision One, and Trend Zero Day Initiative are trademarks or registered trademarks of Trend Micro Incorporated. Al other company andor product names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their Sign up for a fre 30-day trial owners. Information contained in this document is subject to change without notice. [SB01_CREM Solution Brief_240409US] TrendMicro. com For details about what personal information we colect and why, please se our Privacy Notice on our website at: trendmicro. comprivacy Learn more at TrendMicro. comtrial Page 3 of 3 Trend Micro Solution Brief  Cyber Risk Exposure Management ( CREM )

